#labels readme,changelog,demo
*README*

demo site: http://text.press.pricebill.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
texTPress is a simple CMS that can accelerate your work in making the website. 
You can design the website as usual. To make your website become more interactive, 
you simply setup texTPress.

texTPress is built without the need for setting the database, because it uses text file as 
data storage media. Once you finish putting the files to the server, this application 
can be executed directly.

Installation:
1) Upload all the files
2) Change the permissions on the folder "files" to 777
3) Run your application for the first time to set your admin password

Requirement:
1) Minimum space 1MB for textPress and the remaining space for data storage
2) php enable
3) htaccess enable

How to design your site:
1) Design your website as usual. Than save as html file. 
2) Include file with pattern ".inc.php" to certain place
3) Split your file at content position. Put one into header.inc.php and another one into footer.inc.php
5) Your website is changed

How to Update:
Replace all files




*CHANGE LOG*
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
texTPress - v1.1
===========================
- auto post / auto blogging
- content list: new,popular,recent
- fix some bugs

texTPress - New Release - v1.0
===========================
- Instalation process
- Add, edit, del, view content
- SEO friendly symlink
- WYSIWYG Editor by Tiny MCE
- Color harmony
- Statistics
- Online user and their position
- Smart menu button